README.md, before:

# Store API

## Overview

This project implements an API for managing sales records in a Developer Store.

[See more](/.doc/overview.md)

## Key Features

* CRUD operations for sales records
* Discount calculation based on quantity

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

* [.NET SDK 8.0 or later](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started/) 

### Configuration

1.  Clone the repository.
1.  Set up the database using `docker-compose.yml`.
1.  Configure any necessary settings in `appsettings.json`.

### Running the API

```bash
dotnet run --project Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi/Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.csproj
```

### Running Tests

```bash
dotnet test Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.sln
```

### Code Conventions
* Use of Git Flow for branch management
* Use [Semantic Commits](/.doc/semantic-commit-messages.md) for commit messages

## Tech Stack
This section lists the key technologies used in the project, including the backend, testing, frontend, and database components. 

See [Tech Stack](/.doc/tech-stack.md)

## Frameworks
This section outlines the frameworks and libraries that are leveraged in the project to enhance development productivity and maintainability. 

See [Frameworks](/.doc/frameworks.md)

## API Structure
This section includes links to the detailed documentation for the different API resources:
- [API General](./docs/general-api.md)
- [Products API](/.doc/products-api.md)
- [Carts API](/.doc/carts-api.md)
- [Users API](/.doc/users-api.md)
- [Auth API](/.doc/auth-api.md)

## Project Structure
This section describes the overall structure and organization of the project files and directories. 

See [Project Structure](/.doc/project-structure.md)

## Contact

[Willian Lima](https://www.linkedin.com/in/w-lima)

[![Perfil do LinkedIn](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/D4D03AQGRObzA0_NRkg/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1703104875697?e=1751500800&v=beta&t=jWwem7-YUYxBoktc3ayzIMLMdT4RlMQcsh-WlFW0pTM)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/w-lima)

Commit message:

feat: implement Advanced filter and Product for use into sale feature

README.md, after:

# Store API

## Overview

This project implements an API for managing sales records in a Developer Store.

[See more](/.doc/overview.md)

## Key Features

* CRUD operations for sales records
* Discount calculation based on quantity

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

* [.NET SDK 8.0 or later](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started/) 

### Configuration

1.  Clone the repository.
1.  Set up the database using `docker-compose.yml`.
1.  Configure any necessary settings in `appsettings.json`.

### Running the API

```bash
dotnet run --project Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi/Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.csproj
```

### Running Tests

```bash
dotnet test Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.sln
```

### Code Conventions
* Use of Git Flow for branch management
* Use [Semantic Commits](/.doc/semantic-commit-messages.md) for commit messages

## Tech Stack
This section lists the key technologies used in the project, including the backend, testing, frontend, and database components. 

See [Tech Stack](/.doc/tech-stack.md)

## Frameworks
This section outlines the frameworks and libraries that are leveraged in the project to enhance development productivity and maintainability. 

See [Frameworks](/.doc/frameworks.md)

## API Structure
This section includes links to the detailed documentation for the different API resources:
- [API General](./docs/general-api.md)
- [Products API](/.doc/products-api.md)
- [Carts API](/.doc/carts-api.md)
- [Users API](/.doc/users-api.md)
- [Auth API](/.doc/auth-api.md)

## Advanced Filtering
Learn how the API supports dynamic filtering, ordering, and pagination for cleaner queries and extensible backends.

See [Advanced Filtering Guide](/.doc/advanced-filtering.md)

## Project Structure
This section describes the overall structure and organization of the project files and directories. 

See [Project Structure](/.doc/project-structure.md)

## Contact

[Willian Lima](https://www.linkedin.com/in/w-lima)

[![Perfil do LinkedIn](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/D4D03AQGRObzA0_NRkg/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1703104875697?e=1751500800&v=beta&t=jWwem7-YUYxBoktc3ayzIMLMdT4RlMQcsh-WlFW0pTM)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/w-lima)
